Ok you wild girl
I didn't mean to persuade you, you still dare to hurt him
I didn't think of any.
Photos and clothes may be faked
But personal identification will never deceive anyone
But this sunspot is clearly written
It's our technology that makes sense now
How is that possible?
The hair is mine while Liu Qing is not paying attention
Dear, I took it from him.
I did the paternity test with Dr. Zhao
Husband, look
Here's Dr. Zhao's signature
If you don't believe
You can call him.
Husband, I know you don't like grandpa
But he is our own flesh and blood after all
Suffering outside for 15 years
We owe him for his attitude
No.
Don't worry, if he's really our daughter
I will definitely make up for what I owe him
But I have to find out before that
You can investigate if you want.
But you can't hurt grandpa
I had a hard time getting him back
He will never be allowed to suffer any more grievances
Anyone who dares to harm him
I will fight with whoever
Madam is not well
Miss was killed by that wild girl named Li Gongyi
Pushed into the pool
The young master passed out to save the young lady